so you've done more work you understand
the power of the list
worked harder in you you're mentioned in
the what's going to happen with you know
the second course and we'll come back to
that in a second but before we go to
that I want to ask you one course
published right now and I hope you
understand it with a time beating you
this question right now is so so why is
it why do you have just the one course
you don't have more courses so you can
tell us about me but I made under the
plan everything out and I like to have
everything working just right I guess
you could say I'm a perfectionist get
better so here's here's why when I first
lunch make words at an awesome wants
like my first two weeks and that was
here eighteen was the day I and my first
email and so by the end of Feb 10 days
in February so my first month $1800 i'm
new to me that's because I worked really
hard
leading up to that line and then after
that I was so exhausted like I didn't do
any marketing for like two months tree
right well guess what feels great
the next day when they were decent but
nothing like the first month so I
started I took a couple months are
really I hardly posted anything maybe
something on Facebook I wasn't I wasn't
pushy right so next month may I started
thinking about it again
may june july I started doing a little
bit more promotion videos and
repurposing taking some of the videos
like a top 10 from one of the videos
even and putting it on you to those
really quick and then kind of mentioned
you know there's a great by the way this
is from the course you can check out
so I started to see an increase in sales
again but here's what I might well and
the system is to be mostly highly the
problem with that is like there's a lot
of work to be done to get it on
are partly right so that's what I've
been working on this whole time getting
a system in place now he's going to have
just hopefully streams of students
coming in and it's it's it's working
it's really slow but now I feel
comfortable knowing that that system is
in place and that works like now I can
read them that it wants to exactly what
to do I know exactly what works and now
I can do it one more time so now I'm
ready I'm actually working on my next
course it'll be done by getting a new
member that's going to be super fast
they know how to do it this time
marketing system in place that final its
gonna fit in nicely because my second
floors is building on the techniques
that each in her sport so not only do I
have all these students have already
purchased from me and love my course who
will be ready to take it to the next
step but I also have a list of people
who are interested in the first place
maybe they didn't buy it yet maybe it
was basic for them but I can also just
and to get the end of the final to say
you know here's another option but now
that system that's what I've been
working on its been months but it's not
working for me and that's not an athlete
no actually we don't live to question if
you don't mind me look at some of those
sure well we can take control of your
life can do that if you want yeah but if
you want to get a chance to have a
little bit of a breather here instead of
being on the seat so
yea well one that we had earlier was
about the idea and I don't know whether
or not the Craig you're hearing your
thoughts about where he's at so many of
them left for day today we're so if you
decide to leave a little bit like what
you know what are your thoughts
variables are hard because just like
selling anything you have to know who
your customers to know what they like
not only as far as the actual of the
marketing and I mean it's like a very
machine like you have to know that
you're speaking about
down to your individual tweets on
Twitter your hands on everything and
everything that goes along with it
me fashions I don't mean it's funny
because I actually work in the fashion
industry but it's it's individual that's
not always true because you've got like
master views about that but i guess im
not even far better than I could cause I
couldn't even tell you what the
definition is wearables as opposed to
whatever else you're doing so I would
imagine you probably hit some of what he
was after their when he got hit asked
about whether you just gotta see with
you
one of your YouTube videos to your email
so you actually that every time I would
almost always every time I make a video
I always make a blog post to go in it so
instead of sending them to YouTube video
blog post so that I can either get the
advertising revenue or maybe they'll see
me keep reminding you that I have all
these awesome products miners
either during a sale or your building
trust and both of those things are super
important yet rated
every in others not happy mister me way
too long to realize this I don't think
it's obvious now I don't know why I was
because I was overthinking announced
that right what am I gonna be like wow I
haven't heard from you you you you know
there's all this anxiety that goes with
it but it doesn't have to be especially
something free like people like that you
know you're sending them or sending them
namely free stuff they're not gonna be
at an end there probably are so that's
that's too and touch with your email is
your latest YouTube video blog post that
doesn't come till he and I think it's
it's also really important issues like a
ratio that people are as far as when you
do have something you know I will
believe why maybe now you not asking for
anything
email and then it's ok to follow up with
something there and then you start the
process again I ask you
last time i saw this time I try to think
of it like to eat I'll think of it and
how would you be a party like a cocktail
party introduces first within that very
first conversation or even just like the
next time you feel like you need
somebody they go out with you is a good
time to call them something I think we
all knew that like you don't want to be
that guy just trying to think you know
what can I guess I have to share with
you and that's why you're here that's
how you found me because I'm sharing
this best doc now and then when she went
you mentioned reciprocity and that's the
idea like it might be okay to ask
somebody a favor after you right but you
don't really want to make it a habit or
you're gonna be the person everybody
like you're gonna tell your phone to
your email so actually earlier out like
i say like I made my first 24 hours
you're absolutely right but technically
I have been working toward that for two
years right because I don't think
anybody's going to get anywhere he
started YouTube channel and formed a
line you're really really really like
it's totally okay dimension and you know
I have that's cool but if your first
video is like your you think you're
going to get a lot of others are you
want to focus on becoming known were
becoming
knowledge the authority that you have
and your generosity giving it and that I
got that from everything I do like
having given a nap now you know where I
can get this recently on my YouTube
channel I kind of very regularly I was
working I'm just in time to make videos
I was getting ready to make a large
basically you know the advertised and I
was gonna upload that you you too I went
back and looked at my last year the
announcement so I thought you know about
that so I went back in and I added 3
videos over the next month I finally I
think like just just just trying to be
conscious of how much you're asking
versus how much you're giving and don't
worry that you're always trying to sell
you something